I don't normally plan my year. Nor do I do yearly resolutions. 
But this year I want to change that. 
Why ? 
Last year I made some good progress on few habits I wanted to pick up. 
This has made me think that even I, can break free of the hamster wheel of internet dopamine and do some good things. 

We all are running towards the future, but with one leg always in the past. 
So, what are the major events of 2023 that will dictate what I do in 2024 ?

1. I started running almost regularly this year. Even started to day dream about running a marathon.
   Although I am still in the sub 10k category maybe, just maybe with a bit more decipline and training I can indeed run a marathon in 2024.
2. Almost 3 months back I developed gout. A week of excruciating pain. This monster of disease is something I must beat the coming year.
3. Professionally, as a software engineer I find myself slowly gravitating towards the metal.
   I plan to do some structured study of the low level computer stack to improve my knwoledge.
4. Social Media. Who knew it would become such a huge part of our lives.
   Although it has unleashed a tsunami of creativity but it is mostly overly sexualized performative kind and
   has sucked the air out of all other sort of creative pursuits that human beings used to engage in.
   We are glued to the screen 24x7, becoming lethargic, socially awkard addicts. I think it is a net negative for humanity.
   So, I must become a conscious consumer of media to avoid losing the best years of my life into this blackhole called the smartphone.

But these are not actionable items and that's not how you do new years resolution, right ?
Right, these are just some thoughts that I belive will guide every decision I make this coming year.
And that's ok. 

